{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 OK. Here's The Fuckin' Deal\
\

\fs24 Big Mutherfuckin' Crab Truckers
\f1\b0  is a role-playing game\
about Big Mutherfuckin' Crabs. Or Crab-People. Some shit like\
that. Anyway, they're real fuckin' big. We're talking as big as a\
big mutherfuckin' trucker, maybe 300 lb, but square, with beady\
fuckin' eyes, 8 legs and a pair of pincers as heavy as a bag of\
fuckin' plutonium clawhammers. Yeah, that fuckin' big.\
\
And they truck. Yeah, they drive shit across the desert to please\
their 
\f0\b Muther fuckin' Crab Goddess
\f1\b0 . And they truck in heavy,\
chromed trucks with lots of fuckin' wheels, rasping engines and\
big ol cabs. The sorts of cabs that could fit 300 lb square, heavy\
mutherfuckin crabs in it. And they are the shit.\
\
So, why do they do it? It's in their fuckin' nature. When you re\
a bio fuckin crab. drivin' a truck all dar\
you get a lot of time to turn things over in your mind. And listen to religious radio too.\
And it gets you thinkin about where you fit in on the great wheel\
of life. And then you get religion. And to a big mutherfuckin\
crab, religion don't get much higher than the Mutherfuckin' Crab\
Goddess who resides on that wondrously beautiful and most\
sacred place: Crab Mountain. And what she says, goes. Word.\
\
And if that's 3000 wedding dresses to a city you ain't never heard\
of by tomorrow night? Then that's what it fuckin' is. And you will\
truck it there, and you will like it, and you will pull an all-day and\
all-night ride to fuckin' do it. You will fight off the rabid fuckin\
cut-throats, thueves, cops and all-other-manner-of-dipshit crazies\
that line the road. Because those wedding dresses, or whatever the\
fuck it is that the Crab Goddess said had to get there, got to get\
there. It's their destiny. And you're a big mutherfuckin' destiny\
maker, wrapped up in the body of a 300 lb mutherfuckin' crab.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 And, Safety Off, Here's The Fuckin' System\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 Big Mutherfuckin' Crab Truckers uses fuckin d8s. There's one\
fuckin' simple reason for this: Myles wants it that way. He says\
that the Mutherfuckin Crab Goddess told him it had to be a d8.\
And you don't fuck with something that the Mutherfuckin' Crab\
Goddess tells you, y know? And Myles fuckin ain't fuckin'\
\
So, get some fuckin d8s, you re gonna fuckin need them\
\
There are a whole bunch of roles that the truckers need to do to\
get their shit done. So everyone playing Big Mutherfuckin' Crab\
Truckers gets to pick one of these things. And they fuckin" do it.\
Then y all work together to truck the shit despite all the trouble\
that comes your way. That's the way it's always been for as long\
as the Big Mutherfuckin' Crab Truckers can remember.\
\

\f0\b Driver
\f1\b0 . You are the fuckin' driver. You take pride in your drivin\
and can pull most any crazy shit with your truck. Your job is tr\
Skeep the wheels moving and get the truck to its destination\

\f2\i Drive! and three other fuckin' traits.\

\f1\i0 \

\f0\b Fighter.
\f1\b0  You are one mean angry Crab Mutherfucker for sure. You\
have a surly demeanor and a shell full of weapons. Your job is to\
protect the other truckers and lay the fuckin" shit down. Respect.\

\f2\i Fight! and three other fuckin' traits\
\

\f0\i0\b Lifter
\f1\b0 : You are responsible for liftin the shit and pickin it up\
when it falls out the truck. You have strength that is obscene even\
for a big crab and you can flip the truck over at a push\

\f2\i Lift! and three other fuckin' traits.\
\

\f0\i0\b Something Else
\f1\b0 . Make some shit up for your crab, or crab-man\

\f2\i Four fuckin' traits.\
\
\

\f1\i0 So how do you contest shit in Big Mutherfuckin' Crab\
Truckers? Good fuckin question, junior. Here's fuckin' how\
\
\

\f0\b Contests
\f1\b0\fs28 \

\fs24 When you are describing what your fuckin' Crab is doing and\
someone says No fuckin way!' then you both roll the dice to see\
who is fuckin right. Highest wins. The default roll is 2d8, added\
together, to give a score between 2 (terrible) and 16 (great).\
\
\

\f0\b Traits and Bonus Dice\

\f1\b0 These are things like Drive!, Fight!, Strong!, Sneaky!, Smart!\
Quick! ete. If you have a relevant trait then roll an extra bonus\
die for it. Then pick the highest two dice to add together\
\

\f0\b Complications and Penalty Dice\

\f1\b0 When there are things to complicate matters they first of all cancel\
out any bonus dice on a one-for-one basis. So, if there was a lot\
of smoke making visibility poor it would first of all cancel out a\
bonus die on a roll to drive the truck. And if the road was slick\
with oil then that would cancel out another fuckin bonus die\
-If there are no more bonus dice to cancel then the complicatior\
gives a Penalty die. Roll one more d8 and pick the lowest two\
\
What The GM Rolls\
The GM just rolls 2 fuckin' dice every time. That's the rules. So\
if the GM says No fuckin way to something they roll 2d8. No\
bonuses or penalties apply to the GM's dice. That's fuckin it.\
\
\
\
}